PYTHONPATH warning for Kubernetes executor (#3393)
astronomer/docs: astro/kubernetes-executor.md

- An Astro Deployment using Astro Runtime version 8.1.0 or later.

:::caution

> If you use the Kubernetes executor on Astro, you can't change the [PYTHONPATH](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/administration-and-deployment/modules_management.html) of your Astro project from its default value. If you do, the Kubernetes executor is unable to read `airflow_local_settings.py` and fails to start up new Pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use the Kubernetes executor on Astro, you can't change the [PYTHONPATH](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/administration-and-deployment/modules_management.html) of your Astro project from its default value. If you do, the Kubernetes executor will be unable to read `airflow_local_settings.py` and fail to start up new pods.
```

Reviewer: Just "future conditional" form of the same sentence.
